[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
It's James here, and welcome
to this Healthy Habits
program on Gaia.
If you're looking for fast,
safe, and effective ways
to feel better, to
boost your energy,
to improve your mental
performance and mental clarity,
and maybe even to take
more control over your body
and your immune system and help
you manage your weight safely
and effectively, then healthy
habits and morning rituals,
although simple, can have a
profound and lasting impact
on your health and well-being.
In this program, we're
going to cover and guide you
through seven healthy habits
that are scientifically
proven to help in all
these areas of your life.
Number one is hydration
through lemon water.
This helps to hydrate your
body, to stimulate the liver,
to flush out unwanted toxins,
and support natural weight
loss.
Number two is to move your body.
This helps to boost the
production of happy hormones
with dopamine and
serotonin, and also
increase blood circulation.
Number three is breath work.
So simple, yet so profound.
This increases
oxygenation in the body
and also helps to improve energy
and boost your immune system.
Thereafter, number
four, meditation.
And this helps to reduce
stress hormones, which
is so important in this modern
age of overwhelm and stress
and burnout.
Also helps to lower blood
pressure and reduce anxiety.
Number five-- cold exposure.
And this is something you can
do by turning on the cold water
after you've had a hot shower or
jumping in a pool or the ocean.
And this can help to
stimulate blood circulation
in the body for increased
energy and immune cell
response for fighting disease.
Next, number six, is
body love exercises.
And by giving yourself a
quick massage or a dry skin
brush with positive
affirmations,
you can help to develop a
more positive relationship
with your body and
quiet down and dampen
that inner self-critic.
And number seven is
to nourish your body
with a green juice
or a smoothie, which
is about flooding your body
with nutrients in the morning,
helping support your
body's detoxification
processes in that
critical part of the day,
and to strengthen your immune
system and support weight loss.
These seven healthy
habits have been
designed and
scientifically proven
to help you achieve the
goals and desires that you
are after in your
transformational journey.
And I can't wait for you
to join us in this program.
[MUSIC PLAYING]